chore(docs): fix typo in vacuum table reference (#1007)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/reference/sql/vacuum-table.md

The `VACUUM TABLE` command triggers partition and column version cleanup.

When a table is appended in an out-of-order manner, the `VACUUM TABLE` command
writes a new partition version to the disk. The old partition version directory
is deleted once it is not read by `SELECT` queries. In the event of file system
errors, physical deletion of old files may be interrupted and an outdated
partition version may be left behind consuming the disk space.

When an `UPDATE` SQL statement is run, it copies column files. Old column files
are automatically deleted but in certain circumstances, they can be left behind.

> In this case, `VACUUM TABLE` will re-trigger the deletion process of the updated

Reviewer: Just for my own understanding perhaps:
So `VACUUM TABLE` is used when `UPDATE` created left old column files behind? And when this happens, users should use `VACUUM TABLE` to tidy up disk space?
The current wording seems to say that you can use `UPDATE` and `VACUUM TABLE` will be triggered (automatically) in certain circumstances.
I am guess that this paragraph is explaining when `VACUUM TABLE` will be useful? I can suggest something once I confirm what it means!

Author: Yes, your understanding is correct. Vacuum command is there for those rare cases when the database failed to clean up the old version files due to some circumstances (say, a crash).

Reviewer: But I suppose it is not limited to situation caused by `UPDATE`? 
I'd remove this paragraph from the description, as it is not a general behaviour. It is perhaps more suitable for the example section, to provide more context to the scenario for the command?
```When an UPDATE SQL statement is run, it copies column files. Old column files are automatically deleted but in certain circumstances, they can be left behind. In this case, VACUUM TABLE will re-trigger the deletion process of the updated column files.```

Author: This paragraph describes the main use case for the vacuum command, so I'd keep it in the description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an `UPDATE` SQL statement is run, it copies column files of the selected table. The old column files are automatically deleted but in certain circumstances, they can be left behind.
In this case, `VACUUM TABLE` can be used to re-trigger the deletion process of the updated
```

> When a table is appended Out of Order, a new version of a partition can be
> written to the disk. The old partition version directory is deleted once it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a table is appended in an out-of-order manner, the `VACUUM TABLE` command writes a new partition version to the disk. The old partition version directory is deleted once it is
```

> not read by SELECT queries. In the event of file system errors, physical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not read by `SELECT` queries. In the event of file system errors, physical
```

> deletion of old files can be interrupted and an outdated partition version may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deletion of old files may be interrupted and an outdated partition version may
```
I use may because I think this is a possibility, not a capacity (as this is a warning?)

Maybe this should be a note:

```
:::note
In the event of file system errors, physical deletion of old files can be interrupted and an outdated partition version may be left behind consuming the disk space.
:::
```

Author: I don't think we should break vacuum description into multiple sections. It's compact and logical. Also, notes are good for some hints while this sentence simply describes why vacuum table may be needed.

be left behind consuming the disk space.

> In a similar manner executing `UPDATE` SQL statement copies column files. Old

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a similar manner to executing `UPDATE` SQL statement copies column files. Old
```
I don't understand this sentence. It is not complete. Are we trying to say:
Executing `VACUUM TABLE` SQL statement is similar to executing `UPDATE` SQL statement?
Or maybe:
Similar to the `UPDATE` SQL statement, `VACUUM TABL` also copies the column files (of the table?)?

Author: Going to change this sentence to make it more logical.

> column files are automatically deleted but in some limited circumstances can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
column files are automatically deleted but in certain circumstances, they can be
```

> left behind. In this case `VACUUM TABLE` will re-trigger delete process of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
left behind. In this case, `VACUUM TABLE` will re-trigger the deletion process of the
```
So reading this my understanding is that if I tun `VACUUM TABLE` for a table with leftover partitions, the command will only do the deletion: it deletes the old files of the table. (And therefore does not write new partition?)

Author: Yes, your understanding is correct.

updated column files.

> The `VACUUM TABLE` command starts a new scan over table partitions directories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `VACUUM TABLE` command starts a new scan over table partition directories
```
The main noun here is the directories, right? If so, the above suggestion should work.

and and column files. It detects redundant, unused files consuming the disk

> space and deletes them. `VACUUM` executes asynchronously, i.e. it may keep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
space and deletes them. `VACUUM TABLE` executes asynchronously, i.e. it may keep
```

> scanning and deleting files after their response is returned to the SQL client.

Reviewer: It is not clear what kind of response is expected? Is "SQL client" the right term here? 
I think maybe a normal response should be explained first.
```When executed, `VACUUM TABLE` returns [a message] [...]. As the command executes asynchronously, the process of scanning and deleting may continue after the respond is sent.```

Author: > Is "SQL client" the right term here?

Yes, to me this term is a correct one.

> This command has to be executed rarely and provides a manual mechanism to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command has to be executed sparingly and provides a manual mechanism to
```
Do we mean you should not use it too often (sparingly)? 
I also don't understand the second half of the line. Do we mean:
The command provides a manual mechanism to reclaim the disk space.
If so it should be at the start of the intro?

Or maybe it is an explanation to why we should not be using it too often?
Then:
"because it is a manual mechanism..."

Author: Going to restructure this paragraph to make it more logical.

> reclaim the disk space. The implementation scans file system catalogs to detect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reclaim the disk space. The implementation scans file system catalog to detect
```
I am not sure about this but I think there is only one file system catalog?

Author: Going to remove "catalog" to avoid confusion.

> duplicate directories and files and may be relatively expensive to run too
> often.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
duplicate directories and files and frequent usage of the command can be relatively expensive.
```
